samples: throughput: Add role device role changes (#2117)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/bluetooth/throughput/README.rst

1. Connect to both boards with a terminal emulator (for example, PuTTY).
   See :ref:`putty` for the required settings.
#. Reset both boards.

> #. Write 's' or 'm' character to start application either master(tester) or slave(peer) role. Boards must have opposite roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Type 's' or 'm' character to start the application in either master(tester) or slave(peer) role. Boards must have opposite roles.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In one of the terminal emulators, type "s" to start the application on the connected board in the slave (peer) role.
#. In the other terminal emulator, type "m" to start the application in the master (tester) role.
```

Author: Done

#. Observe that the boards establish a connection.

>    When they are connected, one of them serves as *tester* and the other one as *peer*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove this line.

   [bt] [INF] bt_dev_show_info: HCI: version 5.0 (0x09) revision 0x0000, manufacturer 0x05f1
   [bt] [INF] bt_dev_show_info: LMP: version 5.0 (0x09) subver 0xffff
   Bluetooth initialized

>    Choose device role write s (slave role) or m (master role):

Reviewer 3: Don't forget to update this log if you follow @migr suggestion:

https://github.com/NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf/pull/2117/files#r407971794

Author: Ok

   [bt] [INF] hci_vs_init: HW Variant: nRr (0x00) Version 1.12 Build 99
   [bt] [INF] bt_dev_show_info: Identity: c5:6f:8a:38:95:27 (random)
   [bt] [INF] bt_devized

>    Choose device role write s (slave role) or m (master role):

Reviewer 3: ditto

Author: Ok
